docs: add readme.md file (#52)
MapColonies/config-ui: README.md

# config-ui

> Config Mange is a web application responsible for managing all configurations and JSON schemas of the Map Colonies Project. The application allows users to create configurations based on schemas, view them in a table, create new configurations, roll back to existing ones, and create new configurations from existing ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Config UI is a web application responsible for managing all configurations  of the Map Colonies project. The application allows users to create configurations based on Schemas, view them in a table, create new configurations, roll back to existing ones, and create new configurations from existing ones.
```

> # React + TypeScript + Vite

Reviewer: not needed \ or just move below

  ```json
  "$ref": {"configName": "", "version": "latest"}
  ```
- **Rollback and Versioning**: Rollback to existing configurations or create new versions from them. The differences between the original and modified configurations are displayed using the Monaco diff editor.
- **View Config**: Display all metadata and the configuration itself.
- **View Schemas**: Display all schemas in a tree view.
- **View Specific Schema**: View specific schemas in Monaco editor with the ability to toggle the schema to deference mode.

## Technologies Used

- **Vite**: For fast build and development setup.
- **React**: For building the user interface.
- **Monaco Editor**: For writing and displaying JSON configurations.
- **MUI**: For Material-UI components.
- **Zod**: For schema validation.
- **AJV**: For JSON schema validation.

## Installation

To install and set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:MapColonies/config-ui.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the project directory**:
   ```sh
   cd config-ui
   ```
3. **Install dependencies**:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. **Run the application**:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

> 5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173` to see the application running.

Reviewer: no mention of the proxy and config server
